Document team and application verification (#405)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/team.mdx

| ----- | ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1     | REQUIRES_ACTION        | User action is required to complete verification                    |
| 2     | PROCESSING             | The verification is currently in progress                           |
| 3     | CANCELED               | The verification was cancelled before completion                    |
| 4     | SUCCEEDED              | The verification succeeded                                          |
| 5     | MANUALLY_SUCCEEDED     | The verification was manually approved by staff                     |
| 6     | DELETED                | The verification was deleted                                        |
| 7     | SUCCEEDED_GRACE_PERIOD | The verification is currently in a grace period before finalization |

###### Verification Error

| Value | Name                                           | Description                                                                        |
| ----- | ---------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | 1     | ERROR_CONSENT_DECLINED                         | User declined consent at the beginning of verification                             |

Reviewer: Please drop the ERROR_ prefix from these

| Field | Type   | Description             |
| ----- | ------ | ----------------------- |
| name  | string | The name of the company |

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/teams/{team.id}/identity/verification">
  Create Team Identity Verification
</RouteHeader>

> Returns a [User Identity Verification Object](/resources/user#user-identity-verification-object).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new verification attempt for the team. Returns a [user identity verification](/resources/user#user-identity-verification-object) object on success.
```
object always outside link, and no capital (except for acronyms like SKU)
please apply this to the other endpoints too

Initiating an identity verification permanently locks the team out of manually transferring team ownership, Discord support must be contacted instead.
User must be the owner of the team.

###### JSON Params

| Field      | Type   | Description                                               |
| ---------- | ------ | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| return_url | string | The URL to redirect to after Stripe verification succeeds |

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/teams/{team.id}/identity/verification">
  Get Team Identity Verification
</RouteHeader>

> Returns a [User Identity Verification Object](/resources/user#user-identity-verification-object), without a Stripe identity verification link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a [User Identity Verification Object](/resources/user#user-identity-verification-object) representing the most recent verification attempt.
```

| Field | Type   | Description             |
| ----- | ------ | ----------------------- |
| name  | string | The name of the company |

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/teams/{team.id}/identity/verification">

>   Verify Team Identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Create Team Identity Verification
```

</RouteHeader>

Returns the status and errors of the team verification and a redirect link to Stripe identity verification.
Initiating an identity verification permanently locks the team out of manually transferring team ownership, Discord support must be contacted instead.

> May only be used by the team owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User must be the owner of the team.
```
follow existing endpoint wording for consistency

###### JSON Params

| Field      | Type   | Description                                               |
| ---------- | ------ | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| return_url | string | The URL to redirect to after Stripe verification succeeds |

###### Response Body

| Field        | Type      | Description                                                             |
| ------------ | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| id           | snowflake | The ID for the team verification                                        |
| status       | number    | The current [status of the identity verification](#verification-status) |
| last_error   | number    | The [error code of the last verification attempt](#verification-error)  |
| redirect_url | string    | The Stripe identity verification URL to redirect the user to            |

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/teams/{team.id}/identity/verification">

>   Get Team Verification Status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Get Team Identity Verification
```
please also change the user ep names

</RouteHeader>

Returns the status and errors of the team identity verification, without a Stripe identity verification link.

> May only be used after initiating a [team identity verification](#verify-team-identity).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
unnecessary
